DRIVERS-3439 Remove pre-MongoDB 4.2 references from specs and tests (#1929)
mongodb/specifications: source/server-discovery-and-monitoring/server-discovery-and-monitoring-summary.md

An algorithm is specified for inspecting error codes (MongoDB 3.6+) and falling back to parsing error messages when

> error codes are unavailable (MongoDB 3.4 and earlier). When the client sees such an error it knows its topology view is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An algorithm is specified for inspecting error codes. When the client sees such an error it knows its topology view is
```
